For the next lecture where we will use the views Seelye we will need note.
J.S. No no chases of course is a server side language so you might ask why do we need that.
We're not going to write any service side code but no what yes happens to be used as a development server
by the U.S. ally.
More on that in this module on local workflows web peg and so on.
And it's only needed so that we have a little development test server running on our local machine which
will host our application.
We need such a server instead of just double clicking the HD mail file because if we DoubleClick it
we're going to use the file protocol if we have a development server.
We're using the HTP protocol which you want.
That's the more realistic testing environment because if you reach out to a real web page you're going
to use HTP to additionally know Chase ships with NPM nodes package manager and it has this to NPM which
you will use to install the Selye and also to manage all the dependencies of the project.
So Overpeck is the project needs to run correctly.
It will get installed automatically NPM will get installed automatically if you install no chairs so
on.
Note JSL org.
Make sure to pick the latest Worsham here and then simply walk through the installer and that will do
everything you need and thereafter you will have no checks and NPM installed and you are going to continue
with the next lecture.